Miss Phil
Can I ask you to dance?
Certainly!
Miss Gall
Can I ask you to dance?
What's wrong with you, Jia'er?
Xiaoya
i
Tell me quickly
What's going on?
I was raped.
How is that possible?
Who did this?
Let's go to the police
Xiaoya, forget it
We can't beat him
Let's go to Sister Juan
He'll find a way.
Tell me who it is
Is our top gifter
It's Mr. Jiang
That's impossible. He's not like that.
How could I lie to you about such a thing?
What's the matter, what did you do?
What's the matter, are you still pretending to be confused?
I really think you're disgusting.
What's up?
From today onwards, the two of us will never meet again
I don't need you to take care of my business.
Please get out of my life
This is jealous
Sister Juan, I have nothing to do with Jiang Yi anymore
You can arrange the dinner
As long as I don't sleep, eat, drink and chat with me, I can do it.